SUMMARY 
-------

You are free to use the map for commercial and non-commercial purposes, as long
as you use the following credits, legibly and in proximity to each map: 

         (c) Printmaps.net / OSM Contributors

(This is a human-readable summary of the Terms of Use. To read the full terms,
see below.)


FULL TERMS OF USE 
-----------------

As published on https://www.printmaps.net/terms-of-use/

1. Conclusion of contract

These Terms of Use apply for all orders that you place on Printmaps.net.
Printmaps.net is an online shop for digital cartography. The cartographic
offerings on Printmaps.net represent a binding offer. Indicating payment details
and clicking the order button you are accepting the offer for conclusion of a
sales contract.

Immediately after placing your order you get an order confirmation email to the
address you supplied with an attached PDF invoice with a VAT statement. Several
minutes later you will receive a second email containing download links to the
products you ordered. (This point is not applicable for flat fee customers.)

Please make sure that you have appropriate software to open the compressed ZIP
files, as well as the Graphics therein. The download links are available for at
least 7 days after purchase for single or multiple download.

2. Quality of the maps

We have no direct influence on the cartographic data sources and take no
responsibility for the currentness or correctness of the data. You have the
possibility to examine the product prior to purchase in a preview version.

3. Copyrights

You get the non-exclusive right to use the maps you purchase, up to the print
circulation that corresponds to the price category you chose. You also have the
option to choose a price category allowing unlimited print circulation.

Subsequent adaptations of purchased maps are allowed, as is the usage of
downsized versions on your website. Transfer of usage rights to third parties is
allowed. Resale or sub-licensing of maps is excluded.

The copyright notice “© Printmaps.net / OSM Contributors” has to be displayed
legibly and in proximity to the map. In case of online usage you have to use
hypertext in the following way: “© Printmaps.net / OSM Contributors” (Links
pointing to www.printmaps.net and www.openstreetmap.org/copyright).

4. Support

Should any problems appear during the purchase process and should you not
receive the invoice and/or the download links to the products you ordered within
maximum 20 minutes after your order, please contact us under help@printmaps.net.
We will (on work days from 9 am to 5 pm CET) try to solve the problem. In case
of a purchase process not being completed within our responsibility, the
purchase price will be refunded promptly and completely.

5. Money back guarantee

We grant a 30-day money-back guarantee on any map purchased on Printmaps.net.
Just get in touch with us at help@printmaps.net stating the order number and the
reason of your dissatisfaction and we will fully refund your purchase. (Please
note that you are not allowed to use digital map files of refunded purchases in
any way.)

6. Right of revocation

Printmaps.net is an offer exclusively to businesses as defined by German law §14
BGB, therefor no right of revocation is to be granted. Furthermore Printmaps.net
offers only individualised digital products that are not fit for product return.

7. Place of jurisdiction

Exclusive place of jurisdiction for all disputes resulting from this contract is
the business location of Toursprung GmbH in Konstanz (Germany).

Last updated: 26 September 2017
